Lil Magnet Boy
Programmers: Frank & Alex
Creative Director: Eric
Artist: ?

Genre: Platformer puzzle
Style: Industrial, underground dystopian world, purple tints

The player, a little magnet boy, has two arms with opposite polarities.
Enemies are made of metal and you can pull or push them depending on which hand you use. (left/right click)
Enemies will be marked to represent their polarity in an easily identifiable way (colors?).
The player must use the opposite color to pull them, and the same color to push them. (MAGNETZ HOW DO THEY WORK)
The player must push or pull them into traps, switches, etc, and interact with various objects to get to the end of the level.

The player should be allowed to double-jump, but in some cases the jump may be too far to the next platform.
In this case, there will be a small metal ball that the player can magnetize to, and pull themselves up the rest of the way.

One of the objects in the game will act in a similar fashion to companion cubes in Portal.
However, these cubs will also have a certain polarity, and as a player is using one hand to
carry the portal, only the player's other hand will be usable, such as their N polarity hand
if they are using their S polarity hand to carry the box.

These boxes will be used similar to Portal, in that they will assist the player in reaching
the end of the stage, by acting as a weight for buttons, for example.

**Game World**
Each stage will be built in the Tiled editor, and exported as a JSON file.
These maps will contain the static platforms, walls, ceilings, and floors that the player will collide with, as
well as the background textures that the player will not collide with.

In the game, there will be platforms whose Y coordinates are static, but like any other dynamic object in
the game, they can be pushed and pulled by the player. These platforms will NOT be part of the Tiled map,
and will instead be created at runtime. They will be defined inside of the level script JSON file that
accompanies all levels in this project.

Yet not all platforms will be quite as dynamic. Certain platforms will be on a track, and will move left and right at a fixed rate.

Last modified 5/30/2016

TODO:
- In the level scripts, add a section for platforms, and define their starting position, texture, and behavior.
- Allow all GameObjects and Enemies to collide with the Tiled map, just as the player can. (fix physics bug)